

CURRENT ITEMS:

   Priority:  High  Duration:  Long
*  You need to flesh out the scripts for each of the available landing sites (
   and maybe add a smidgeon of custom art as well.)  Also, more sectors.
   
   You will need a dedicated sampling/salvage mission for objects on the
   landscape.

   Priority:  Medium-High  Duration:  Short to Medium
*  Build a markets-report into the information for each sector.  And an ability
   to toggle specific imports/exports.

   Priority:  High  Duration:  Medium-Short
*  Make sure there's a collective estimate for overall production/consumption
   of all goods in the settlement- and the number/type of contributing
   facilities.

   Priority:  Medium  Duration:  Short
*  Various items in tutorial should be clarified-
   'Base roster' should be 'Personnel tab'.
   Import/export options needs to be explained better at supply depot.
   Auditor?  Not explained enough.
   Explain date/time at the top.  And saving?
   Psy points?  Not used in tutorial.


MECHANICS:

   Priority:  Medium  Duration:  Medium
*  Allow specific training for a given citizen under 'duties'.  Set preferred
   weapons, skills, shift & hours/pay.  They can train themselves at either the
   Archives or the Trooper Lodge.  (Set through interview, maybe?)

   Priority:  Minor  Duration:  Short
*  Make sure that the skill-bonuses for a given homeworld are actually applied
   to colonists in full, along with ethnicity-chance.

   Priority:  Medium  Duration:  Short
*  There seems to be a moment of noticeable lag when selecting citizens,
   apparently due to the SelectionOptions being configured.  Try and isolate
   the slowdown.

   Priority:  Medium  Duration:  Short
*  Because action-conditions for pathing are more tolerant now, you can
   occasionally get bugs where supply-corps are sucked into a ship that's
   already taken off- fix.

   Priority:  Medium  Duration:  Medium
*  The former plant should be restored, as a longer-term source of minerals or
   polymer.  And maybe spice?

   Priority:  Medium-High  Duration:  Long
*  Add terraforming effects from vegetation (it should appear in nearby tiles,
   not just auto-seed.)  Add terraforming in general.

   Priority:  Low  Duration:  Medium-Long
*  Implement egg-collection or standing hives as a nonlethal source of protein?
*  Add spice-extraction from vegetation-sampling and mineral-flats.


VISUAL AND MEDIA-

   Priority:  Medium-High  Duration:  Medium-Short
*  Integrate the various model-costumes with the assorted vocations.

   Priority:  High  Duration:  High
*  Have an encyclopaedia listing of some kind.

   Priority:  High  Duration:  Long to Very Long
*  Create and import Level-2 art-assets for the major guilds.
   Bastion
   Trooper Lodge
   Runner Market
   Engineer Station
   Physician Station
   Ecologist Station

   Priority:  Very Low  Duration:  Short
*  Get rid of the fade-in effect for time slowing down/speeding up!

   Priority:  Low  Duration:  Medium
*  Consider adding ruins and an atmosphere-overlay to the planet-display.

   Priority:  Low  Duration:  Short?
*  You need more distinctive symbols for Claiming and Research missions.

   Priority:  Low  Duration:  Short
*  Try to restore dust-crawlers at chem panner and/or excavation site.

   Priority:  Low  Duration:  Short to Medium
*  Expedition-config from a claims-mission could use some more polish (e.g,
   separate headers for leader/colonist in applicants listing, specification of
   personal rewards, initial supplies/buildings/landing-site, et cetera.)
   
   In addition, trade-partners and tech-levels should be retained!


BACK BURNER:

   Priority:  Low-to-Minor  Duration:  Short/Very Short
*  Try to add 'spawning' for Fauna as well (i.e, in the sense of wandering in
   from the map edges- or perhaps out as well.)

   Priority:  Medium-High  Duration:  Medium-High
*  There needs to be more than just physical raiding coming from offworld- they
   should be sending explorers, diplomats and reinforcements too (for the
   various mission-types.)

   Priority:  Medium-High  Duration:  Medium
*  Natives should be re-introduced on the right maps, along with mechanics for
   raiding/diplomacy.  (The base is there, and the buildings are there- you
   just need to introduce them and tie it into BaseVisits.)

   Priority:  Medium  Duration:  Short
*  Random-variation for offworld visit-intervals need to be reworked.




